"Added 'CenturyLink Cloud native resources' section (With new… (#2840)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Deploying Anywhere/deploying-managing-instances.md

* **Unregistered**: shows only unregistered instances, which are the ones accessible into all the defined providers that were not deployed through Cloud Application Manager. They are discovered in the synchronization event of a provider and are classified by Type and Subtype.
  * Type: One of Compute, Network, Database, Storage or Other

>   * Subtype: this is the instance class, specific to each provider type. For example, for AWS type providers we can see VPC or Application Load Balancers (for Network type instances), and S3 or Elastic Block Storages (for Storage type instances) and for an Azure provider we could see Virtual Networks or Application Gateways (in Network type instances) and Queue or BLOB (in Storage type instances). You can check the [full list of Microsoft Azure resources being displayed here](../../Cloud%20Application%20Manager/Deploying%20Anywhere/using-microsoft-azure.md#azure-native-resources) and [full list of CenturyLink Cloud resources being displayed here](../../Cloud%20Application%20Manager/Deploying%20Anywhere/using-centurylink-cloud.md#centuryLink-cloud-native-resources).

Reviewer: CTL markdown parser does not like the `%20`, you should leave it as a space ` `.
```suggestion
  * Subtype: this is the instance class, specific to each provider type. For example, for AWS type providers we can see VPC or Application Load Balancers (for Network type instances), and S3 or Elastic Block Storages (for Storage type instances) and for an Azure provider we could see Virtual Networks or Application Gateways (in Network type instances) and Queue or BLOB (in Storage type instances). You can check the [full list of Microsoft Azure resources being displayed here](../../Cloud Application Manager/Deploying Anywhere/using-microsoft-azure.md#azure-native-resources) and [full list of CenturyLink Cloud resources being displayed here](../../Cloud Application Manager/Deploying Anywhere/using-centurylink-cloud.md#centuryLink-cloud-native-resources).
```
